FF129 SubtleCrypto - support for Ed25519 (#34989)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/subtlecrypto/sign/index.md

These systems all use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.

- For RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 and RSA-PSS, the choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.
- For ECDSA the choice of digest algorithm is included in the `algorithm` parameter passed into the `sign()` function.
- For Ed25519 the digest algorithm is always SHA-512.

The HMAC algorithm differs from the others in that it is not a public-key cryptosystem: it uses the same algorithm and key for signing and for verification.
This means that the verification key must be kept secret, which in turn means that this algorithm is not suitable for many signature use cases.
It can be a good choice however when the signer and verifier are the same entity.

### RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5

The RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

### RSA-PSS

> The algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

Author: ```suggestion
The RSA-PSS algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).
```

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an
{{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} containing the signature.
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} containing the signature.

### Exceptions

The promise is rejected when the following exception is encountered:

- `InvalidAccessError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Raised when the signing key is not a key for the request signing algorithm or when
    trying to use an algorithm that is either unknown or isn't suitable for signing.
  - : Raised when the signing key is not a key for the request signing algorithm or when trying to use an algorithm that is either unknown or isn't suitable for signing.

## Supported algorithms

The Web Crypto API provides four algorithms that can be used for signing and signature
verification.
The Web Crypto API provides the following algorithms that can be used for signing (and signature verification):

> Three of these algorithms — RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5, RSA-PSS, and ECDSA — are

Reviewer: I think this preamble is quite helpful because it emphasises how the public-key algos are similar in a way that the HMAC one isn't, so the use cases tend to be different. Since it seems that Ed25519 doesn't use a digest, that bit could be removed, but the basic idea is still helpful (IMO).

Also I think it would be better to have HMAC last.

Reviewer: Are you planning to come back for this comment ^?

Author: Yes. It was on the list. I've written a modified form. I've kept the digest information.

If we really don't need that, then we might split these using headings and have a preamble in each - i.e. "Public key system algorithms" and "Private key cryptography algorithms". I'm OK with this though, at least for now.

> #### RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5
```

...same for the others

#### HMAC

The HMAC algorithm calculates and verifies hash-based message authentication codes according to the [FIPS 198-1 standard](https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/198/1/final/documents/fips-198-1_final.pdf).

The digest algorithm to use is specified in the [`HmacKeyGenParams`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HmacKeyGenParams) object that you pass into {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}}, or the
[`HmacImportParams`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HmacImportParams) object that you pass into {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}}.

The HMAC algorithm uses the same algorithm and key for signing and for verification: this means that the verification key must be kept secret, which in turn means that this algorithm is not suitable for many signature use cases.
It can be a good choice however when the signer and verifier are the same entity.

#### Ed25519

> Ed25519 is a high-performance digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.

Reviewer: Again -1 on "high-performance".

Author: ```suggestion
Ed25519 is a digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.
```

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with an {{jsxref("ArrayBuffer")}} containing the signature.

### Exceptions

The promise is rejected when the following exception is encountered:

- `InvalidAccessError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Raised when the signing key is not a key for the request signing algorithm or when trying to use an algorithm that is either unknown or isn't suitable for signing.

## Supported algorithms

The Web Crypto API provides the following algorithms that can be used for signing and signature verification.

> RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5, RSA-PSS, and ECDSA, are {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
> These systems all use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
> Except for ECDSA (for which it is passed in the `algorithm` object), the choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.
> Ed25519 is also a public-key cryptosystem, but does not use a digest algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5, RSA-PSS, ECDSA, and Ed25519 are {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
These systems all use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.

- For RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 and RSA-PSS, the choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.
- For ECDSA the choice of digest algorithm is included in the `algorithm` parameter passed into the `sign()` function.
- For Ed25519 the digest algorithm is always SHA-512.
```

Sorry I was wrong about this, or at least misleading. Ed25519 does use a digest algo but it is always SHA-512: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8032#section-5.1.6.

Author: Good catch.

The HMAC algorithm differs from the others in that it is not a public-key cryptosystem: it uses the same algorithm and key for signing and for verification.
This means that the verification key must be kept secret, which in turn means that this algorithm is not suitable for many signature use cases.
It can be a good choice however when the signer and verifier are the same entity.

### RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5

The SASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
The choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.

> 

Reviewer: I think this is redundant given that you now include it all in the intro.

Author: Meh. It's only redundant because you made me put that introduction back in :-(

But there was a reason I moved the content down. We link to the specific algorithms in some places, not to the grouping heading. To me having the information broadly in each section is therefore useful even though there is some duplication - whereas pushing above means that people following links in will likely miss it.

```suggestion
```

Author: Though in fairness, you did have a structure that I "undid", and it was a bit repetitive and annoying. Moving along, nothing to see.

The RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

### RSA-PSS

The RSA-PSS algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.

> The choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.

Reviewer: Also redundant.

The algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

It's different from RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 in that it incorporates a random salt in the signature operation, so the same message signed with the same key will not result in the same signature each time. An extra property, defining the salt length, is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.sign()", "sign()")}} and {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.verify()", "verify()")}} functions when they are invoked.

### ECDSA

This algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
This

> For ECDSA the choice of digest algorithm is passed as part of the `algorithm` object, a {{domxref("EcdsaParams")}}, when calling {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.sign()")}}.

Reviewer: Also redundant.

Signatures are encoded as the `s1` and `s2` values specified in RFC 6090 (known respectively as `r` and `s` in [RFC 4754](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4754#section-3)), each in big-endian byte arrays, with their length the bit size of the curve rounded up to a whole number of bytes.
These values are concatenated together in this order.

This encoding was also proposed by the [IEEE 1363-2000](https://standards.ieee.org/ieee/1363/2049/) standard, and is sometimes referred to as the IEEE P1363 format. It differs from the [X.509](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X.509) signature structure, which is the default format produced by some tools and libraries such as [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org).

### Ed25519

Ed25519 is a digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.

This algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.

> Unlike some other such systems (RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5, RSA-PSS, and ECDSA), it does not pass in a [digest](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) of the message for signing.

Reviewer: Also redundant.

- For Ed25519 the digest algorithm is always SHA-512.

The HMAC algorithm differs from the others in that it is not a public-key cryptosystem: it uses the same algorithm and key for signing and for verification.
This means that the verification key must be kept secret, which in turn means that this algorithm is not suitable for many signature use cases.
It can be a good choice however when the signer and verifier are the same entity.

### RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5

The SASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
The choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.

The RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

### RSA-PSS

> The RSA-PSS algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
> Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
> The choice of digest algorithm is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.generateKey()", "generateKey()")}} or {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.importKey()", "importKey()")}} functions.
> 
> The algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).

Author: ```suggestion
The algorithm is specified in [RFC 3447](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3447).
```

It's different from RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5 in that it incorporates a random salt in the signature operation, so the same message signed with the same key will not result in the same signature each time. An extra property, defining the salt length, is passed into the {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.sign()", "sign()")}} and {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.verify()", "verify()")}} functions when they are invoked.

### ECDSA

> This algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
> Systems that use this algorithm use a [digest algorithm](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) to hash the message to a short fixed size before signing.
> This
> For ECDSA the choice of digest algorithm is passed as part of the `algorithm` object, a {{domxref("EcdsaParams")}}, when calling {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.sign()")}}.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

ECDSA (Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm) is a variant of the Digital Signature Algorithm, specified in [FIPS-186](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.186-4.pdf), that uses Elliptic Curve Cryptography ([RFC 6090](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6090)).

Signatures are encoded as the `s1` and `s2` values specified in RFC 6090 (known respectively as `r` and `s` in [RFC 4754](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4754#section-3)), each in big-endian byte arrays, with their length the bit size of the curve rounded up to a whole number of bytes.
These values are concatenated together in this order.

This encoding was also proposed by the [IEEE 1363-2000](https://standards.ieee.org/ieee/1363/2049/) standard, and is sometimes referred to as the IEEE P1363 format. It differs from the [X.509](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X.509) signature structure, which is the default format produced by some tools and libraries such as [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org).

### Ed25519

> Ed25519 is a digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.
> 
> This algorithm is used in {{Glossary("public-key cryptography", "public-key cryptosystems")}} that use the private key for signing and the public key for verification.
> Unlike some other such systems (RSASSA-PKCS1-v1_5, RSA-PSS, and ECDSA), it does not pass in a [digest](/en-US/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/digest#supported_algorithms) of the message for signing.
> 
> ### HMAC

Author: ```suggestion
Ed25519 is a digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.

### HMAC
```

Signatures are encoded as the `s1` and `s2` values specified in RFC 6090 (known respectively as `r` and `s` in [RFC 4754](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4754#section-3)), each in big-endian byte arrays, with their length the bit size of the curve rounded up to a whole number of bytes.
These values are concatenated together in this order.

This encoding was also proposed by the [IEEE 1363-2000](https://standards.ieee.org/ieee/1363/2049/) standard, and is sometimes referred to as the IEEE P1363 format. It differs from the [X.509](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-X.509) signature structure, which is the default format produced by some tools and libraries such as [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org).

### Ed25519

Ed25519 is a digital signature algorithm built on the [Curve25519](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve25519) elliptic curve, which is part of the Edwards-Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (EdDSA) family of algorithms defined in {{rfc("8032")}}.

### HMAC

> The HMAC algorithm calculates and verifies hash-based message authentication codes according to the [FIPS 198-1 standard](https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/198/1/final/documents/fips-198-1_final.pdf).

Author: No. I've been working in this issue for weeks and didn't see a conflict or I would have taken your change.

> The HMAC algorithm calculates and verifies hash-based message authentication codes according to the [FIPS 198-1 standard](https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/198/1/final/documents/fips-198-1_final.pdf).

Reviewer 2: Ah I see. I assumed so too.

> The HMAC algorithm calculates and verifies hash-based message authentication codes according to the [FIPS 198-1 standard](https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/198/1/final/documents/fips-198-1_final.pdf).

Author: @Josh-Cena Cool. Did you re-revert it, or is that a job on me?

> The HMAC algorithm calculates and verifies hash-based message authentication codes according to the [FIPS 198-1 standard](https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/198/1/final/documents/fips-198-1_final.pdf).

Reviewer 2: I already fixed this in another redirected link fix PR ^^

      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      true,
      ["sign", "verify"],
    );

    log(`publicKey: ${publicKey}, type: ${publicKey.type}`);
    log(`privateKey: ${privateKey},  type: ${privateKey.type}`);

    // Encode data prior to signing
    const encoder = new TextEncoder();
    encodedData = encoder.encode(data);
    log(`encodedData: ${encodedData}`);

    // Sign the data using the private key.
    const signature = await crypto.subtle.sign(
      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      privateKey,
      encodedData,
    );

    // Log the first part of the signature data
    const signatureBuffer = new Uint8Array(signature, 0, 8);
    log(
      `signature: ${signatureBuffer}...[${signature.byteLength} bytes total]`,
    );

    // Verify the signature using the public key
    const verifyResult = await crypto.subtle.verify(
      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      publicKey,
      signature,
      encodedData,
    );

    // Log result - true if the text was signed with the corresponding public key.
    log(`signature verified?: ${verifyResult}`);
  } catch (error) {
    log(error);
  }
}
```

#### Result

> {{EmbedLiveSample("Ed25519 (key generation, signing, and verification)", "100", "200px")}}

Reviewer: I still see overflow here:

<img width="836" alt="Screen Shot 2024-08-02 at 12 22 34 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/adce043c-889e-4a55-8c2e-10e6fe0fa85b">

Why not omit or truncate encodedData? We truncate the signature (for the same reason).

Author: Odd - I wasn't seeing that. I have truncated and also wrapped the data (I know that there is no need to do both, but the wrapping is hidden in the example anyway, and forces the string you enter to wrap too).

let signature = await window.crypto.subtle.sign("HMAC", key, encoded);
```

### Ed25519 (key generation, signing, and verification)

> This code generates an Ed25519 signing key pair, uses the private key to sign the (encoded) contents of a text `<input>`, and then verifies the signature using the public key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This code generates an Ed25519 signing key pair, uses the private key to sign the (encoded) contents of a text {{HTMLElement("input")}}, and then verifies the signature using the public key.
```

Reviewer: If we want to link, https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text would be a better target.

Author: ```suggestion
This code generates an Ed25519 signing key pair, uses the private key to sign the (encoded) contents of a text [`<input>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text), and then verifies the signature using the public key.
```

It is derived from [this source code on GitHub.](https://github.com/mdn/dom-examples/blob/main/web-crypto/sign-verify/ed25519.js), which you can [run live here](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-crypto/sign-verify/).

#### HTML

> The HTML defines an `<input>`, containing the text to be signed, and a button that starts the operation to create keys, sign the text and then verify the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTML defines an `<input>` element containing the text to be signed, and a button that starts the operation to create keys, sign the text and then verify the signature.
```

```html
<label for="message">Enter a message to sign:</label>
<input
  type="text"
  id="message"
  name="message"
  size="25"
  value="The lion roars near dawn" />

<input id="sign-button" type="button" value="Run" />
```

```html hidden
<pre id="log">Click "Run" button</pre>
```

```css hidden
#log {
  height: 110px;
  overflow: scroll;
  padding: 0.5rem;
  border: 1px solid black;
}
```

```js hidden
const logElement = document.querySelector("#log");
function log(text) {
  logElement.innerText = `${logElement.innerText}${text}\n`;
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
}
```

#### JavaScript

> The JavaScript first gets the `button` and message `input` elements, and then adds a listener for the `click` event on the button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The JavaScript first gets the `#sign-button` and `#message` {{HTMLElement("input")}} elements, then adds a listener for the `click` event on the button.
```

> The event handler that clears the log and runs the other operations passing the content of the `input` element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The event handler that clears the log and runs the other operations passing the content of the `<input>` element.
```

> The event handler that clears the log and runs the other operations passing the content of the `input` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event handler clears the log and runs the other operations passing the content of the `<input>` element.
```

```js
const button = document.querySelector("#sign-button");
const input = document.querySelector("#message");

button.addEventListener("click", () => {
  // Clear log
  logElement.innerText = "";
  logElement.scrollTop = logElement.scrollHeight;
  // Run test
  test(input.value);
});
```

> The code below has several parts.

Reviewer: -1 on this sentence but ymmv

First it generates keys using the Ed25519 algorithm, then it encodes text and signs that text using the private key.

> Then if calls {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.verify()")}} with the public key to verify the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally it calls {{domxref("SubtleCrypto.verify()")}} with the public key to verify the signature.
```

      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      true,
      ["sign", "verify"],
    );

    log(`publicKey: ${publicKey}, type: ${publicKey.type}`);
    log(`privateKey: ${privateKey},  type: ${privateKey.type}`);

    // Encode data prior to signing
    const encoder = new TextEncoder();
    encodedData = encoder.encode(data);
    log(`encodedData: ${encodedData}`);

    // Sign the data using the private key.
    const signature = await crypto.subtle.sign(
      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      privateKey,
      encodedData,
    );

    // Log the first part of the signature data
    const signatureBuffer = new Uint8Array(signature, 0, 8);
    log(
      `signature: ${signatureBuffer}...[${signature.byteLength} bytes total]`,
    );

    // Verify the signature using the public key
    const verifyResult = await crypto.subtle.verify(
      {
        name: "Ed25519",
      },
      publicKey,
      signature,
      encodedData,
    );

    // Log result - true if the text was signed with the corresponding public key.
    log(`signature verified?: ${verifyResult}`);
  } catch (error) {
    log(error);
  }
}
```

#### Result

> The information about the created keys is logged below (or an error string if the browser does not allow the key to be created).

Reviewer: Is this a copy/paste error?

Author: Yes. I think it is self explanatory, so removing.
```suggestion
```

> {{EmbedLiveSample("Ed25519 (key generation, signing, and verification)", "100%", "170px")}}

Reviewer: When I click "Run" I get three scrollbars, which is ugly:

<img width="817" alt="Screen Shot 2024-07-31 at 11 47 04 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b19340f-8350-48bb-a841-940f1d739478">

consider adjusting the sizes of the boxes for the vertical ones, and tr and truncating `encodedData` (or just omitting it, not sure what it adds)

Author: I've run out of time for this. Next week. (BTW, works on my browser)

Author: Take that back. No it doesn't fixed.

let signature = await window.crypto.subtle.sign("HMAC", key, encoded);
```

### Ed25519 (key generation, signing, and verification)

> 

Author: FYI I added this live example that shows generating keys, then using them to sign data, then verify the data. So this shows "more" than it should.  I link here from the `verify` example.
